#SENTIMENT ANALYSIS USING NLP

*COMPANY* : CODTECH IT SOLUTIONS

*NAME* : ANAPARTHI BHASKARA VENKATA DURGA BHIMESH

*INTERN ID* : CT08WNA

*DOMAIN* : MACHINE LEARNING

*DURATION* : 4 WEEKS

*MENTOR* : NEELA SANTHOSH


Project Description : 

-The task is to implement NLP on IMDB Dataset

  (1) Choosing Dataset : 

    - The dataset is taken from the kaggle " IMDB 50,000 Reviews ".
    
    - The dataset consists of two columns : (1) Text  (2) Type of Text
    
    - First column contains 50,000 sentences and Second column contains the type : if the sentence is positive or negetive

    - Now our task is to implement this and then the model should evaluate the text and classify it as positive or negative.

  (2) Processing the Dataset :

    - Now every row consist of a sentence.

    - The Sentence will be processed by removing stoping words like 'and','the','is', etc..

    - These words are unnecessary and won't help in Classification of the Text .

    - First we remove the special characters like "!@#$%^&*" which does nothing.

    - Next we then Tokenize the Sentences means the text is converted into words.

    - Now we Apply "Lemmatization" on the words.

    - Lemmatization means removing the suffix of the words like : running ---> run , gone ---> go .

  (3) Applying TF-IDF VECTORIZER :

    - TF-IDF is called Term Frequency and Inverse Document Frequency .

    - Words are given weights by calculating the frequency of the word in the Document.

    - 

    - The parent and child nodes are the labels .

    - The labels are selected using "GINI INDEX" which the kabel gives more information will be choosen as primary node.

    - AS i gave max_depth = 3 , it will generate a tree of 3 levels other than root node .

    - The model is trained using the training data.

    - Then using the test data ,make the model to predict the outputs .

  (4) Evaluating Accuracy : 

    - The dataset is consist of Categorical values , so accuracy_score is used to find accuracy.

    - for this model the accuracy is 1.0 , which means it give 100% accurately.

  (5) Plotting the Graph and Visualizing the Tree :

    - In this we can use plot_tree method to get the Tree generated by the model .

    - The following images are the graph and Tree.
